Alice would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alice would gain 39 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 78 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Alice would lose 79 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Alice would gain 91 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
Alice would gain 19 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Alice would gain 33 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
Bob would gain 76 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Bob would lose 27 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Bob would lose 55 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Bob would gain 47 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Bob would gain 62 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
Bob would gain 36 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Bob would gain 51 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
Carol would lose 95 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Carol would lose 91 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Carol would lose 63 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Carol would gain 71 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Carol would gain 14 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
Carol would lose 60 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Carol would gain 1 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
David would gain 24 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
David would lose 13 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
David would lose 80 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
David would lose 15 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
David would lose 40 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
David would gain 12 happiness units by sitting next to George.
David would gain 10 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
Eric would lose 99 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Eric would gain 21 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Eric would gain 51 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Eric would gain 83 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Eric would gain 61 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
Eric would gain 29 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Eric would lose 63 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
Felicia would lose 52 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Felicia would gain 49 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Felicia would gain 97 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Felicia would lose 29 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Felicia would gain 77 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Felicia would lose 52 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Felicia would lose 76 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
George would lose 40 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
George would lose 89 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
George would gain 28 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
George would gain 35 happiness units by sitting next to David.
George would lose 80 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
George would gain 91 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
George would gain 6 happiness units by sitting next to Hillary.
Hillary would gain 94 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Hillary would lose 52 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Hillary would lose 8 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Hillary would lose 19 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Hillary would gain 66 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Hillary would lose 89 happiness units by sitting next to Felicia.
Hillary would lose 34 happiness units by sitting next to George.
